Update README - Closes #491 (#680)
LiskHQ/lisk-core: README.md

# Command Topics

- [`lisk-core account`](docs/commands/account.md) - Commands relating to Lisk Core accounts.
- [`lisk-core autocomplete`](docs/commands/autocomplete.md) - Display autocomplete installation instructions.
- [`lisk-core block`](docs/commands/block.md) - Commands relating to Lisk Core blocks.
- [`lisk-core blockchain`](docs/commands/blockchain.md) - Commands relating to Lisk Core blockchain data.
- [`lisk-core config`](docs/commands/config.md) - Commands relating to Lisk Core node configuration.
- [`lisk-core forger-info`](docs/commands/forger-info.md) - Commands relating to Lisk Core forger-info data.
- [`lisk-core forging`](docs/commands/forging.md) - Commands relating to Lisk Core forging.
- [`lisk-core genesis-block`](docs/commands/genesis-block.md) - Download genesis block.
- [`lisk-core hash-onion`](docs/commands/hash-onion.md) - Create hash onions to be used by the forger.

> - [`lisk-core help`](docs/commands/help.md) - display help for lisk-core.

Author: ```suggestion
- [`lisk-core help`](docs/commands/help.md) - Display help for lisk-core.
```

In order to run a node for a local test, in a root folder of lisk-core, run below command.

```
./bin/run start -n devnet --data-path ./devnet-data --port 3333 --api-ipc --enable-forger-plugin
```

> This command will start a lisk-core node using data path `./devnet-data` with HTTPAPI and Forger Plugins.

Author: ```suggestion
This command will start a lisk-core node using data path `./devnet-data` with the IPC API and Forger Plugin enabled.
```
